The Checkbutton widget is used to display a number of options to a user as toggle buttons.
The user can then select one or more options by clicking the button corresponding to each option.

Syntax : w = Checkbutton ( master, option, ... )

Sr.No.	     Option & Description
1	     activebackground
             Background color when the checkbutton is under the cursor.

2	
             activeforeground
             Foreground color when the checkbutton is under the cursor.

3	
             bg
             The normal background color displayed behind the label and indicator.

4	
             bitmap
             To display a monochrome image on a button.

5	
             bd
             The size of the border around the indicator. Default is 2 pixels.

6	
             command
             A procedure to be called every time the user changes the state of this checkbutton.

7	
             cursor
             If you set this option to a cursor name (arrow, dot etc.), the mouse cursor will change to that pattern when it is over the checkbutton.

8	    
             disabledforeground
             The foreground color used to render the text of a disabled checkbutton.
             The default is a stippled version of the default foreground color.

9	
             font
             The font used for the text.

10	
             fg
             The color used to render the text.

11	
             height
             The number of lines of text on the checkbutton. Default is 1.

12	
             highlightcolor
             The color of the focus highlight when the checkbutton has the focus.

13	
             image
             To display a graphic image on the button.

14	
             justify
             If the text contains multiple lines, this option controls how the text is justified: CENTER, LEFT, or RIGHT.

15	
             offvalue
             Normally, a checkbutton's associated control variable will be set to 0 when it is cleared (off).
             You can supply an alternate value for the off state by setting offvalue to that value.

16	
             onvalue
             Normally, a checkbutton's associated control variable will be set to 1 when it is set (on).
             You can supply an alternate value for the on state by setting onvalue to that value.

17	
             padx
             How much space to leave to the left and right of the checkbutton and text. Default is 1 pixel.

18	
             pady
             How much space to leave above and below the checkbutton and text. Default is 1 pixel.

19	
             relief
             With the default value, relief=FLAT, the checkbutton does not stand out from its background.
             You may set this option to any of the other styles

20	
             selectcolor
             The color of the checkbutton when it is set. Default is selectcolor="red".

21	
             selectimage
             If you set this option to an image, that image will appear in the checkbutton when it is set.

22	
             state
             The default is state=NORMAL, but you can use state=DISABLED to gray out the control and make it unresponsive.
             If the cursor is currently over the checkbutton, the state is ACTIVE.

23	
             text
             The label displayed next to the checkbutton. Use newlines ("\n") to display multiple lines of text.

24	
             underline
             With the default value of -1, none of the characters of the text label are underlined.
             Set this option to the index of a character in the text (counting from zero) to underline that character.

25	
             variable
             The control variable that tracks the current state of the checkbutton.
             Normally this variable is an IntVar, and 0 means cleared and 1 means set, but see the offvalue and onvalue options above.

26	
             width
             The default width of a checkbutton is determined by the size of the displayed image or text.
             You can set this option to a number of characters and the checkbutton will always have room for that many characters.

27	
             wraplength
             Normally, lines are not wrapped.
             You can set this option to a number of characters and all lines will be broken into pieces no longer than that number.